I'm alive! And I'm in the rover!

Things didn't go exactly as planned, but I'm not dead, so it's a win.

Equalizing the airlock went fine. I was out on the surface within 30
seconds. Skipping toward the Hab (the fastest way to move in this gravity)
I passed through the field of debris. The rupture had really sent things
flying, myself included.  It was hard to see; my faceplate was covered by
the makeshift patch. Fortunately, my arm had a camera. NASA discovered that
turning your whole EVA-suited body to look at something was a strenuous
waste of time. So they mounted a small camera on the right arm. The feed is
projected on the inner faceplate. This allows us to look at things just by
pointing at them.

I had to look at a rippled, messed-up version of the outside world. The
faceplate patch wasn't exactly smooth or reflective. Still, it was enough
to see what was going on.

I bee-lined for where the airlock used to be. I knew there had to be a
pretty big hole there, so I'd be able to get in. I found it easily.

And boy is it a nasty rip! It's going to be a pain in the ass to fix it.

That's when the flaws in my plan started to reveal themselves. I only had
one arm to work with. My left arm was pinned against my body, while the
stumpy arm of the suit bounced freely. So as I moved around under the
canvas, I had to use my one good arm to hold the canvas up. It slowed me
down.

From what I could see, the interior of the Hab is chaos. Everything's
moved. Entire tables and bunks are meters away from where they started.
Lighter objects are wildly jumbled, many of them out on the surface.
Everything's covered in soil and mangled potato plants.

Trudging onward, I got to where I'd left Martinez's suit. To my shock, it
was still there!

"Yay!" I naively thought. "Problem solved."

Unfortunately, the suit was pinned under a table, which was held down by
the collapsed canvas. If I'd had both arms, I could have pulled it free,
but with only one I just couldn't do it.

Running low on time, I detached the helmet. Setting it aside, I reached
past the table to get Martinez's patch kit. I found it with the help of the
arm-camera. I dropped it in the helmet and hauled ass out of there.

Stumbling to the rover, I barely made it in time. My ears were popping from
pressure loss just as the rover's airlock filled with wonderful
1-atmosphere air.

Crawling in, I collapsed and panted for a moment.

So I'm back in the rover. Just like I was back on the Great Pathfinder
Recovery Expedition. Ugh. At least this time it smells a little better.

NASA's probably pretty worried about me by now. They probably saw the
airlock move back to the Hab, so they know I'm alive, but they'll want
status. And as it happens, it's the rover that communicates with
Pathfinder.

I tried to send a message but Pathfinder isn't responding. That's not a big
surprise. It's powered directly from the Hab, and the Hab is offline.
During my brief, panicked scramble outside, I saw Pathfinder was right
where I left it, and the debris didn't reach that far out. It should be
fine once I get it some power.
